welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the time traveler's wife
in the early 1970s henry de tamble is in
a car
accident that kills his mother but which
he survives by inadvertently time
traveling back two weeks moments later
henry is helped by an older version of
himself who has also traveled back
unable to control the timing or
destinations of his traveling
henry finds himself drawn to significant
people
places and events in his life but is
incapable of changing events beyond the
minor differences his presence creates
in 1991 henry meets claire abshire in
the library where he works
she is overjoyed to see him although he
is actually meeting her for the first
time
claire explains that she met henry's
future self when she was a child and
that he informed her then that they
would meet in the future
which is happening at the moment since
childhood henry has been claire's best
friend
and has visited her as a child
claire develops a crush on henry and she
is upset to learn that he is married
when claire turns 18 two years before
their meeting at the library
the older henry kisses her leading her
to realize that he is her husband in the
future
they begin a relationship which is
challenged by henry's disorder
his sporadic time traveling is further
complicated by the fact that he arrives
at his destinations
completely naked from an early age
he had learned how to pick locks and to
steal clothing to endure his travels
among his getaways are many visits to
young claire
from present day claire's diary he gets
a list of dates when he visited her
and gives those to young claire so that
she can be waiting for him with clothes
falling in love henry and claire
eventually marry
though he actually time travels away
before the ceremony
and a visibly older version of himself
arrives in time to step in
slightly confusing the guests
henry's disappearances take a toll on
his relationship with claire
to make up for this henry buys a winning
lottery ticket by having the numbers in
advance
but their relationship still has
problems
henry and claire witness a middle-aged
wounded henry
briefly arrive from another time leaving
them concerned about how long henry has
to live
his disorder also makes having a child
with claire
seemingly impossible as henry's genes
cause their unborn fetuses to time
travel
they seek a renowned doctor's help but
after numerous similar miscarriages
henry has a secret vasectomy to end her
suffering
however soon after claire gets pregnant
one last time
by a visiting younger version of henry
and carries the baby to full term
before the child is born henry travels
forward in time and happily meets their
pre-teen daughter
alba she tells him that she is a time
traveler too but has increasing control
over when and where she travels
alba tells henry that he will die when
she is five years old
a fact that henry subsequently hides
from claire
alba's pre-teen self who ultimately
tries to prepare her younger self for
henry's death
visits young alba sporadically
claire is devastated to discover henry's
impending death
later henry time travels and is
accidentally shot by claire's father
who is hunting elk henry returns in time
to die in claire's arms
some years later a younger henry visits
alba and claire
giving claire hope that he will visit
again though he tells her not to spend
her life waiting for him
hoping this encounter would provide a
proper closure for both claire and alba
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe
and hit the bell notification for more
of these videos